all right let's do this emotions
let's get this show on the road
[Music]
mr. Knox listen to me very carefully
we have your nice somewhere in this
stadium is Dimitri Bella if he is not
found within 90 minutes
we will detonate explosives killing
everyone inside the clock is ticking
tick-tock
there's an emergency situation at West
Ham Stadium what are we dealing with
highly skilled paramilitary Eastern
European how do you know this
because I just killed one of them
Michael no physics I
he not test me as soon as he gets to be
true
he'll get night the expression what if
we get to him first
[Music]
we're gonna kill them all you better run
sometimes we have to sacrifice the
signal of the most or the greater good
not too late
[Music]
have more bullets than you watch this